Cleanup references to sample config in the docs and redirect users to configuration manual (#13077)
matrix-org/synapse: docs/code_style.md

    -   Avoid wildcard imports (`from synapse.types import *`) and
        relative imports (`from .types import UserID`).

## Configuration documentation format

The [configuration manual](usage/configuration/config_documentation.md) acts as a
reference to Synapse's configuration options for server administrators.
Remember that many readers will be unfamiliar with YAML and server
administration in general, so it is important that when you add
a configuration option the documentation be as easy to understand as possible, which 
includes following a consistent format.

Some guidelines follow:

- Each option should be listed in the config manual with the following format:
      

>     - The name of the option, prefixed by "###". 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The name of the option, prefixed by `###`.
```

>     - A comment which describes the default behaviour (ie, what

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - A comment which describes the default behaviour (i.e. what
```

        happens if the setting is omitted), as well as what the effect
        will be if the setting is changed.
    - An example setting, using backticks to define the code block

        For boolean (on/off) options, convention is that this example
        should be the *opposite* to the default. For other options, the example should give
        some non-default value which is likely to be useful to the reader.

> - There should be a line between each option, which can be achieved by adding --- before and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- There should be a horizontal rule between each option, which can be achieved by adding `---` before and
```

  after the option.

> - Where several settings are grouped into a single dict, ensure that your code

Reviewer: I don't think this statement is related to the config manual but rather the implementation, so probably separate it out into a new paragraph of some kind

    correctly handles the top-level option being set to `None` (as it
    will be if no sub-options are enabled).
- `true` and `false` are spelt thus (as opposed to `True`, etc.)

Example:

---
### `modules`

Use the `module` sub-option to add modules under this option to extend functionality. 
The `module` setting then has a sub-option, `config`, which can be used to define some configuration

> for the `module`.

Reviewer: I find this paragraph quite hard to follow (I realise this is just an example)
